you like ex-boyfriend a girlfriend
actually you know what we never put a
name so what you broke his heart he
broke yours wow this guy really asked
everyone one thing at a time
what are you seeing this guy I could go
on for hours but I don't know you I
don't face the right time I impress to
have this conversation okay
I'm surprised you want to go along with
her on this mr. undershirt Underwood
whatever I mean every satyr has ever
gone after the fleece has died right I'm
miss nettle but it's a risk I'm willing
to take for ladies you ready to lose
tell you what I'll give you guys a head
start you're gonna need later loser
one thousand two under ah that's enough
and that RV has a little bit of drug
dealing
but it's not drug dealing it's not oh
it's smuggling are you out of your mind
look Rose ten thousand bucks and your
flights already paid for it you can't
buy me I'm not buying you all right I'm
renting you droids there appears to be
two occupants they are armed and I'd
like them daddy